so once all the past is coated with all
of the sauce you're just gonna pour it
into a bowl a
arielle has full nutrition and lifestyle
expert I love healthy fiying bad food so
you can enjoy yourself guilt-free get
ready to treat yourself
want to know my favorite dish to make
for date night end every night of the
week penne alla vodka my vodka sauce
gives you that delicious rich creamy
taste you're looking for but it isn't
loaded with the sodium fat or so-called
natural flavors found in most
store-bought pasta sauces so it might
look like we're making martinis tonight
but actually it's date night and we're
making penne alla vodka first what I
like to do is I like to add a little bit
of garlic when you add garlic you're
just adding a little bit of spice it's
also antibacterial and when you cook
garlic it won't make your breath smell
we're just gonna heat up the tomato
sauce in the pan it's actually
store-bought tomato sauce in a can now
here comes the fun part you're gonna add
coconut milk in most penne alla vodka is
usually use cream or milk but some
people are lactose intolerant and I
don't know about you but I don't want my
stomach rumbling during date night right
once all of this is just mixed up you're
just gonna let it cook and simmer for a
few minutes
so once the coconut milk and the tomato
sauce is simmering in with the garlic
and the oil then you're just gonna add a
little bit of vodka and the vodka
actually once it's simmered and once it
cooks you won't even taste that there's
alcohol in it it adds a delicious
delicious flavor then you're just gonna
add the peas during the last few minutes
one of the tricks with peas is that you
can actually use frozen peas so they
don't need too much cooking once this is
cooked you're then going to take the
brown rice pasta which is already cooked
and strained and you can add the pasta
to your sauce
creamy rich and decadent your date is
gonna love it so once all the past is
coated with all of the sauce something
that I love to do instead of Parmesan
cheese is I actually like to use almond
flour super high in vitamin E and
protein gives the same texture as
Parmesan cheese but it's dairy-free so
if your date is lactose intolerant this
won't hurt their stomach it's simple
it's delicious its decadent its rich and
it's perfect for date night what's your
favorite dish for date night is it
something like this where it has a
secret ingredient like vodka
comment below post a picture and hashtag
treat yourself
you